Add option to split data into train/test/validate sets (#149)
developmentseed/label-maker: docs/parameters.rst

 	``'segmentation'``
 		Output is an array of shape ``(256, 256)`` with values matching the class index label at that position. The classes are applied sequentially according to ``config.json`` so latter classes will be written over earlier class labels if there is overlap.

**seed**: int
    Random generator seed. Optional, use to make results reproducible.

**split_vals**: list
    Default: `[0.8, 0.2]`

>     Percentage of data to put in each catagory listed in split_names. Must be floats and must sum to one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Percentage of data to put in each category listed in split_names. Must be a list of floats that sum to one and match the length of `split-names`. For train, validate, and test data, a list like `[0.7, 0.2, 0.1]` is suggested.
```

I think we can be a little more explicit in suggesting people use all types of data.
